give a welcome to Todd's kitchen today's
recipe is a classic recipe but there are
many variations out there so today I'm
going to show you one of my versions
that I guarantee you're going to love so
join me today as I make my version of
spaghetti and meatballs
okay so we're going to start off by
making our meatballs so into a bowl we
got a place in our beef mince then today
we're going to place in one brown onion
that I've just roughly chopped up one
peeled and grated carrot now finely
chopped up parsley one beaten egg our
breadcrumbs and our crumbled up better
cheese
now using clean hands of course I'm
gonna get right in there
and we're gonna give that a very good
mix around just so everything is well
combined and mixed through okay next
I've got a bowl here with some plain
flour notes that we're just gonna add in
some salt and some pepper and just give
there just a quick mix through okay so
next I've got some of our meat and I'm
just rolled it into a meat size sized
ball so gonna place into the flour and
what we're just going to do is just coat
it in the flour just say it's all nice
and coated just like that and just
continue on until they're all done okay
so now that we've made up our meatballs
I've got a fry pan on a medium to high
heat so tell me just gonna add just a
drizzle of olive oil and then grabbing
our meatballs I'm just gonna place them
onto the pan and when I cook them for
about say two to three minutes just
until they're cooked all the way through
okay so once you meatballs have been
cooked all the way through it's just a
super matter of taking them off the
frypan and we're gonna place them into a
container we're just gonna keep that
container covered just while we work on
the next step okay so now we're gonna
make the sauce for a meatballs so I've
got a pot on the stove on a medium to
high heat so it's gonna add just a bit
of olive oil and today we're gonna add
in one onion that I've just roughly
chopped up and a couple of cloves of
fresh guy that I've also roughly chopped
up I'm just gonna keep on stirring the
onions around just until they're soft
enough so should take about a minute or
so okay now that the onions have
softened up we'll just go adding a
couple of tablespoons of tomato paste
yeah I'm just gonna stir that through
okay so next we're gonna add in our beef
stock and a 400 gram can of diced
tomatoes and it's gonna give that a very
good stir through now I've lowered the
temperature down to a low to medium heat
and what we're gonna do is we let this
simmer away for about 15 to 20 minutes
just until the liquid decreases by half
just so we have a nice thick sauce okay
so our sauce is reduced by half and it's
smelling fantastic so now it's just a
super matter of returning our meatballs
to the pot and just make sure they're
all time of by our meatball sauce and
we're gonna cover it up and let it
simmer away for 15 minutes and in that
15 minutes these meatballs are going to
infuse all their lovely taste and
they'll finish cooking
okay so Wallen meatballs are simmering
away this is a perfect time to do our
pastime so into a pot of salted hot
water we're just kind of placing our
pasta we don't bring this up to the boil
when I cook this for about 10 minutes
just until it's al dente
it'll dente is not too hard not too soft
but just right okay so these have been
simmering away for 15 minutes and I'll
tell you what these smell fantastic so I
have to do now let's take off the heat
and plate it up
yes they don't play some delicious
meatballs just onto our spaghetti okay
so then if you left now is to sprinkle
on some Parmesan cheese okay and these
spaghetti and meatballs are done and
I'll tell you what let's see how they
taste as fantastic as they smell
fantastic
mm-hmm
I can tell you with all honesty they
actually taste better
then they smell it really is a lovely
lovely combination now I tried a number
of meatball recipes in the past but I
can honestly tell you out of all of them
this one tastes simply delish and it was
so easy to make now this recipe will
easily serve for people so you may want
to make a little bit more because I
guarantee they're gonna be wanting to
come back for seconds so thank you for
watching this episode of Todd's kitchen
a list of ingredients are down below as
well as links to my Facebook Twitter and
Google+ pages please do me a massive
favour by giving this video a thumbs up
and leave a comment and I'll see you
next time for another delicious recipe
you